<xhtml>
<head>
<meta http-equiv='Content-Type' content='text/html;charset=UTF-8'/>
<title>%%MACHINE%% - Om test navigator</title>
<link rel='stylesheet' href='../navigator%%ACCESS%%.css' type='text/css'/>
<style type="text/css">
.explanation
{
  font-size:80%;
  color:#aaa;
  margin-bottom:0.5em;
}
.report h4
{
  margin-top:1em;
  clear:both;
}
.l
{
  border-top:1px solid #d8d8d8;
  margin-bottom:6px;
  clear:left;
}
.f
{
  float:left;
  width:130px;
  font-size:0.85em;
  margin-bottom:6px;
}
.t
{
  margin-top:1px;
  font-weight:bold;
}
.d
{
  color:#888;
}
.e
{
  color:#a00 
}
.w
{
  color:#970 
}
.m,pre
{
  margin-left:130px;
}
pre
{
  font:80% Andale Mono, monospace;
}
</style>
</head>
<body class="basicpage report">
<h3>%%MACHINE%%</h3>

<div>Om version: <em>%%VERSION%%</em> (%%BUILDDATE%%)</div>
<div>Servlet last restarted: <em>%%LASTRESTART%%</em></div>

<h4>Basic system status</h4>
<div>Memory used: <em>%%MEMORY%%</em></div>
<div class="explanation">
Total memory in use by the Tomcat instance, not just memory for Om.
</div>
<div>Sessions: <em>%%SESSIONS%%</em></div>
<div class="explanation">
User sessions in memory. Sessions expire after 8 hours of disuse.
</div>
<div>Temp forbids: <em>%%TEMPFORBIDS%%</em></div>
<div class="explanation">
When users are temporarily forbidden to log on here. This happens when they
connect to another server, in order to prevent timing issues. 
Forbids only persist for 1 minute.
</div>
<div>Database connections: <em>%%DBACTIVE%%</em> active + <em>%%DBIDLE%%</em> idle (of <em>%%DBTOTAL%%</em>)</div>
<div class="explanation">
The number of active and idle database connctions in the connection pool.
</div>

<h4>Question engine performance</h4>

<div id="qeperformance"/>
<div class="explanation">
This table shows the average time in milliseconds for the most recent 20 requests 
(unless there haven't been 20 requests in the past 20 minutes, in which case
the 'missing' requests will cause time to be lower than actual; or unless there have been 
errors, in which case time will be higher than actual).
</div>

<h4>Recent log entries</h4>

<div id="recententries"/>

<h4>Recent errors/warnings</h4>

<div id="recentproblems"/>

<h4>Logs</h4>

<p>If these logs get too large, they will be shown in plaintext XML (otherwise
it's likely to freeze your browser). Logs smaller than 1MB will be formatted
for easier viewing.</p>

<ul id="logs"/>

</body>
</xhtml>

